applications: nrf_desktop: NVM instead of flash in doc (#13275)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * The dependencies of the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_BLE_LOW_LATENCY_LOCK` Kconfig option.
    The option can be enabled even when the Bluetooth controller is not enabled as part of the application that uses :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_latency`.
  * The :ref:`nrf_desktop_bootloader` and :ref:`nrf_desktop_bootloader_background_dfu` sections in the nRF Desktop documentation to explicitly mention the supported DFU configurations.

>   * Documentation describing :ref:`nrf_desktop_memory_layout` configuration to simplify gettings started for new users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The documentation describing the :ref:`nrf_desktop_memory_layout` configuration to simplify the process of getting started with the application.
```

>   * Changed the flash memory term to the non-volatile memory term to generalize the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Changed the term flash memory to non-volatile memory to generalize the documentation.
```

Reviewer 2: Would suggest: 
```suggestion
  * Changed the term *flash memory* to *non-volatile memory* for generalization purposes.
```
